Add section to configure labels (#1610)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_configuring-labels-for-routes-ingresses.adoc

[id="configuring-labels-for-routes_ingresses_{context}"]
= Configuring labels for routes or ingresses

> This procedure describes how to configure labels for routes or ingresses to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects.

Reviewer: Rebase on master to have the new attribute `{platforms-ingress}` defined in the branch and:

```suggestion
This procedure describes how to configure labels for {platforms-ingress} to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects.
```

.Prerequisites

* The `{orch-cli}` tool is available.

> * {prod-short} is deployed in a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An instance of {prod-short} running in {orch-name}.
```

> IMPORTANT: It is needed to use comma to separate labels: `key1=value1,key2=value2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Use comma to separate labels: `key1=value1,key2=value2`
```

.Procedure

> . To configure labels for routes update the Custom Resource with the following commands:

Reviewer: As far as I understood, Kubernetes <=> Ingresses and OpenShift <=> Routes. Is that right?

Then we should have 2 procedures to distinguish the 2 distinct scenarios:

* Configuring labels for OpenShift Routes using the CLI
* Configuring labels for Kubernetes Ingresses using the CLI

Additionally, it would be awesome to have one procedure describing the usage of the WebUI, probably like:

* Configuring labels for OpenShift Routes using the OpenShift Web Console

Author: Divided into 2 procedures.

Author: The procedure describing the usage of the WebUI make sense only for OpenShift and it will be much longer then using CLI.
I don't think it worth describing it.

+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----

> $ {orch-cli} patch checluster {prod-checluster} -n {prod-namespace} --type=json -p '[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/server/cheServerRoute/labels", "value": "__<labels for a {prod-id-short} server route>__"}]'

Reviewer: Is it possible to add line breaks without breaking the commands? I started this as an example, but I am not sure how to break lines inside the JSON without breaking it:

![Screenshot from 2020-09-28 16-30-12](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/243761/94445637-f49c9200-01a7-11eb-83d3-a5224b278271.png)

Author: done
![tmp](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1640675/94524963-02035c00-023c-11eb-88ec-4ce10df25146.png)
